Add documentation of basic client commands (#54)
BZFlag-Dev/bzflag.org: _documentation/user/slash_commands/localset.md

Reviewer: How about adding noGUI and trackShots?

Reviewer: I got those ones from here: https://www.bzexcess.com/2009/03/bztips-2-client-side-variables/

---
command: localset
syntax: "variable [value]"
since: 2.4.0
category: Client
permissions: ~
---

Read a local variable or set it to `[value]`

## Examples:
```
/localset highlightPattern "laser"
/localset highlightPattern "laser|genocide"
/localset highlightPattern "(Team Flag|Team's Flag|Genocide)"
```

> *highlightPattern* highlights lines with the selected words when they appear in the console(chat box).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*highlightPattern* highlights lines with the selected words when they appear in the console (chat box).
```

- When highlighting one word, just type the word in quotes, such as "laser."
- If one wants to highlight two or more words, the words must be separated with a '|', such as "laser|genocide" (highlights lines with laser OR genocide).
- If any of the words have spaces, all the words must be surrounded in parentheses, such as "(Team Flag|Team's Flag|Genocide)" (highlights lines with "Team Flag," "Team's Flag," OR "Genocide").

&nbsp;
```
/localset linedradarshots 60
```

> *linedradarshots* sets how long shots are on the radar. While this option is set-able through the in-game GUI, you can only set this setting up to 10 via the GUI. You can hand-edit your config to give you longer shot lengths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*linedradarshots* sets how long shots are on the radar. While this option can be set through the in-game GUI, you can only set this setting up to 10 via the GUI. You can hand-edit your config to give you longer shot lengths.
```
"set-able" is an iffy word.

> *linedradarshots* sets how long shots are on the radar. While this option cane be set through the in-game GUI, you can only set this setting up to 10 via the GUI. You can hand-edit your config to give you longer shot lengths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*linedradarshots* sets how long shots are on the radar. While this option can be set through the in-game GUI, you can only set this setting up to 10 via the GUI. You can hand-edit your config to give longer shot lengths.
```
